Now here is where it gets spicy,  by the way, this video works great at 1.five times speed for better listening.
Now, here's where most people go wrong.
When someone asks about Apache Kafka, the typical answer is just the textbook definition.
They recite it like a parrot.
But that tells the interviewer NOTHING about your actual understanding.
It's like saying a car is "a vehicle with four wheels.
Technically correct.
Completely useless.
Fun fact: Uber's solution was distributed event streaming with guaranteed delivery.
That's exactly what we're learning.
There is one thing about Connect Architecture that nobody mentions in tutorials, and it is exactly what interviewers test.
I will reveal it shortly.